docs: update to machine-id file list and edits (#26740)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/machine-id/getting-started.mdx

- `ca-pin` is the CA Pin for your Teleport cluster, and is output by the `tctl bots add` command.
- `destination-dir` is where Machine ID writes user certificates that can be used by applications and tools.
- `data-dir` is where Machine ID writes its private data, including its own short-lived renewable certificates. These should not be used by applications and tools.

> - `auth-server` is the address of your Teleport Proxy Server, for example

Reviewer: I still think it makes sense to mention that you can put the address of the auth server here too. Maybe something like?

```suggestion
- `auth-server` is typically the address of your Teleport Proxy Server
   (`teleport.example.com:443`), but can also be the address of the
   Auth Server is direct connectivity is available.
```

To use Machine ID with the OpenSSH integration, run the following command to
connect to `node-name` within cluster `example.com`.

```code
$ ssh -F /opt/machine-id/ssh_config root@node-name.example.com
```

In addition to the `ssh` client you can use `tsh`. Replace the `--proxy` parameter
with your proxy address. 

<ScopedBlock scope={["oss","enterprise"]}>
```code

> $ tsh ssh --proxy=teleport.example.com -i /opt/machine-id/identity root@node-name

Reviewer 2: Nice work on showing `tsh` as well!

Author: Applied @zmb3 's edit on showing the auth server.  Please both approve if you're good to go on the udpates.
